hey everyone this is jay and for this
video we'll check out the Prime instant
video collection as well as Netflix and
the video quality is for each app
alright so here's the collection of the
prime instant videos there's TV shows
here movies and if you have prime
membership a lot of these are actually
free so you can see there's lost 10
years Arrested Development 24 malcolm in
the middle' king of the hill there's a
huge selection here there's also movies
that you can rent for 48 hours they
range from 2 99 to think up to 3 99 for
the newer ones and TV shows from 199
first walking dead and there's a lot of
new shows that just came out actually
episodes I mean all right let's check
out a show that was filmed in standard
definition so king of the hill is one of
those shows the first few episodes or
first few seasons we're not in
widescreen so this is through the Amazon
Instant Video one of the things i don't
like there's no expand ability and you
can't make this real name and take
the advantage of the whites in the sound
is very loud is very clear as well as
the speakers are here on the side and
colors are clear and it's very vivid
there's no lag it looks really nice so
let's check out a newer show now we're
going to go ahead and check out lost
this is the show that's filmed in
widescreen so it'll take advantage of
the the entire screen size of the kindle
fire
slight buffering right it right off the
bat but as you can see it's lag free it
looks really nice and it just feels like
you're just watching it on any other
tablet like the ipad or iphone 4 there's
no lag to it good sound and let's move
on to netflix alright so right now it's
loading Netflix something I forgot to
mention is that the kindle fire comes
with one month of prime membership so
you do get one month of the prime
instant video as well so the menu for
this is vertical this looks different
from the iOS version of netflix slightly
different and as you can see there's my
recently viewed videos up here TV shows
and movies there's my recommended shows
and only thing I really like about
Netflix is it has captions a lot of
their lot of their shows and movies have
comes with closed captioning and I'm one
of those people did you know like stock
so let's check out TV episode of the
walking dead and check out the last
episode or one of the flaws episodes
so right there you can close and you can
choose subtitles one of the few things I
really like about Netflix but as you can
see it's kinda small on this device is
hoping it'd be bigger that type of that
size of the font seems like it's made
for the iphone 4
just increase the volume here and start
playing again
something else you need to know that
Lanny's won't meet all about not much
what they promise so you have to give it
a few seconds to process and buffer and
once that gets going you can see it's
live free looks very nice natwest up I
think there's some slight lag here in
there if you mess with it like I am and
yeah it's pretty much netflix you know
you're into netflix you'll like this app
when you like around the kindle fire
another way to take advantage of your
subscription so that's my video for
prime instant video and netflix if you
have any questions or comments leave
them in the comments section below and
please subscribe like these videos and
please visit us on gamer tacky com
thanks for watching